Guide: Connect a Micronaut JMS Application to an AWS SQS Queue (#1160)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: guides/micronaut-jms-aws-sqs/micronaut-jms-aws-sqs.adoc

common:header.adoc[]

common:requirements.adoc[]
* An https://aws.amazon.com/[AWS account] with:
** An IAM user with enough permissions to create and manage a queue instances in SQS.
** The AWS CLI configured to use the IAM user above.

common:completesolution.adoc[]

common:create-app-features.adoc[]

== Micronaut JMS SQS Dependency

> To use the Micronaut JMS SQS integration, add the following dependency:

Reviewer: The dependency is added by the `jms-sqs` feature in the create-app command. Either remove this section, or change it to point out to the user that the feature adds this dependency. That's probably not needed though - they can see the effect of using the feature by clicking the diff link in the "If you have an existing Micronaut application ..." section

Author: Good point

common:header.adoc[]

common:requirements.adoc[]
* An https://aws.amazon.com/[AWS account] with:
** An IAM user with enough permissions to create and manage a queue instances in SQS.
** The AWS CLI configured to use the IAM user above.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

common:aws.adoc[]

```

common:aws.adoc[]

common:completesolution.adoc[]

common:create-app-features.adoc[]

== Create an application

> Let’s create a set of components that will use the Micronaut JMS to integrate with Amazon SQS. This will allow us to send and receive messages from the SQS. The SQS is a reliable, highly-scalable hosted queue for storing messages as they travel between applications or microservices. Amazon SQS moves data between distributed application components and helps you decouple these components.

Reviewer 3: Missing link to SQS and use a blockquote for content which is quoting SQS documentation.

Author: Added

> Let’s create a set of components that will use the Micronaut JMS to integrate with Amazon SQS. This will allow us to send and receive messages from the SQS. The SQS is a reliable, highly-scalable hosted queue for storing messages as they travel between applications or microservices. Amazon SQS moves data between distributed application components and helps you decouple these components.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Let’s create a set of components that will use the https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-jms/latest/guide/[Micronaut JMS] to send and receive messages from https://docs.aws.amazon.com/it_it/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html[AWS SQS]

____
Amazon SQS is a reliable, highly-scalable hosted queue for storing messages as they travel between applications or microservices. Amazon SQS moves data between distributed application components and helps you decouple these components.
____
```
